add the root type expand impl for rollup syntax. (#18552)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/group-by-modifier.md

## How to interpret the ROLLUP execution plan

> Multidimensional data aggregation uses the `Expand` operator to copy data to meet the needs of multidimensional grouping. Each copied data copy corresponds to a grouping of a specific dimension. Especially in MPP mode, the `Expand` operator can facilitate data shuffle to quickly reorganize and calculate a large amount of data between multiple nodes, making full use of the computing power of each node; while in TiDB mode, `Expand` Because the operator is only executed on a single TiDB node, data redundancy will expand according to the number of `Grouping Sets`.

Author: ```suggestion
Multidimensional data aggregation uses the `Expand` operator to copy data to meet the needs of multidimensional grouping. Each copied data copy corresponds to a grouping of a specific dimension. In MPP mode, the `Expand` operator can facilitate data shuffle to quickly reorganize and calculate a large amount of data between multiple nodes, making full use of the computing power of each node; In a TiDB cluster that does not contain TiFlash nodes, because the `Expand` operator is only executed on a single TiDB node, data redundancy will increase as the number of dimension groupings (`grouping set`) increases.
```

> Multidimensional data aggregation uses the `Expand` operator to copy data to meet the needs of multidimensional grouping. Each data copy corresponds to a grouping of a specific dimension. In MPP mode, the `Expand` operator can facilitate data shuffle to quickly reorganize and calculate a large amount of data between multiple nodes, making full use of the computing capacity of each node; In a TiDB cluster without TiFlash nodes, because the `Expand` operator is only executed on a single TiDB node, data redundancy will increase as the number of dimension groupings (`grouping set`) increases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multidimensional data aggregation uses the `Expand` operator to copy data to meet the needs of multidimensional grouping. Each data copy corresponds to a grouping of a specific dimension. In MPP mode, the `Expand` operator can facilitate data shuffle to quickly reorganize and calculate a large amount of data between multiple nodes, making full use of the computing capacity of each node. In a TiDB cluster without TiFlash nodes, because the `Expand` operator is only executed on a single TiDB node, data redundancy will increase as the number of dimension groupings (`grouping set`) increases.
```
